docs: Add initial_sync / shortcut_id and initial_number (#156)
cozy/cozy-doctypes: docs/io.cozy.sharings.md

  - `false` if only the owner can add a new recipient
- Some technical data (`created_at`, `updated_at`, `app_slug`, `preview_path`,
  `triggers`, `credentials`)
- A flag `initial_sync` present only when the initial replication is still running

> - A number of files to synchronize for the initial sync, `initial_number_of_files_to_sync` (if there are no files to sync or the initial replication has finished, the field won't be here)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A number of files to synchronize for the initial sync, `initial_number_of_files_to_sync` (if there is no file to sync or the initial replication has finished, the field won't be here)
```

- A `shortcut_id` with the identifier of the shortcut file (when the recipient doesn't want to synchronize the documents on their Cozy instance)

>   `triggers`, `credentials`)

Reviewer: il manque un bout de phrase pour "`triggers`, `credentials`)" non ?
